# What is Pwn.College?
You can interact with challenges in three ways:

* [**Dojo Workspace**](https://pwn.college/workspace/code): a version of Visual Studio Code running inside the dojo.
* [**Dojo Desktop**](https://pwn.college/workspace/desktop) a full Linux GUI desktop running inside the dojo.
* **SSH Client**: you can set up your ssh client and ssh in.

<details>
<summary>📖 Table of Contents</summary>
  
## Table of Contents
- [Traditional Lesson](#traditional-lesson)
- [The Adversarial Mindset](#the-adversarial-mindset)
- [The Active Learning Component](#the-active-learning-component)
- [Active Repetition](#active-repetition)
- [Guidance For Challenges](#guidance-for-challenges)
- [Computer Science Topics](#computer-science-topics)
</details>

## Traditional Lesson
* Due to the need for abstraction, generalization, etc, can only cover part of a concept.
* Leaves edge cases of the concept unexplored
* The issue is, is that cybersecurity issues occur exactly at these edge cases!
* Edge-cases are hard to explore from a defensive standpoint, because these edge cases are where security breaks down...

## The Adversarial Mindset
* To teach students to spot and avoid web vulnerabilities, we would first teach them to carry out such attacks!
* Forces the student to engage with these edge cases by taking the role of an attacker
* By crrying out practical attacks, it allows students gain familiarity with the conceptual edge cases!

## The Active Learning Compoenent
* Every module comes with a large set of challenges, split into levels.
* Every level takes a tiny step forward in complexity.
* Each challenge adds one additional concept on the path to mastery of the topic!

## Active Repetition
* Challenges gradually build up on each other
* Students repeat and rehearse many prior concepts with each new challenge.
* Continual reinforcement of foundations, as the upper layers are built!

## Guidance For Challenges
* **Challenge Assistant**: Some challenges have "walkthrough" modes that help students understand the direction they should take to carry out the relevant attack.
* **Practice Mode**: where students gain administrative access over the challenges to better debug their solutions
* **SENSAI**: an AI tutor that actively observes the student's attempt to solve challenges and helps when students get stuck

## Computer Science Topics
* Process and Tread Scheduling
* Operating Systems
* Dynamic Memory
* Computer Architecture and Organization
